Psalm 144 a psalm of David blessed be
the Lord my rock who trains my hands for
war and my fingers for battle my
loving-kindness and my fortress my high
tower and my deliverer my shield and the
one in whom I take refuge who subdues my
people under me Lord what is man that
you take knowledge of him or the Son of
man that you are mindful of him man is
like a breath his days are like a
passing shadow bow down your heavens O
Lord and come down touch the mountains
and they shall smoke flash forth
lightning and scatter them shoot out
your arrows and destroy them stretch out
your hand from above rescue me and
deliver me out of Great Waters
from the hand of foreigners whose mouth
speaks lying words and whose right hand
is a right hand of falsehood I will sing
a new song to you O God on a harp of ten
strings I will sing praises to you the
one who gives salvation to Kings who
delivers David his servant from the
deadly sword rescue me and deliver me
from the hand foreigners whose mouth
speaks lying words and whose right hand
is a right hand of falsehood that our
sons may be as plants grown up in their
youth that our daughters may be as
pillars sculptured in Palace style that
our barns may be full supplying all
kinds of produce that our sheep may
bring for thousands and ten thousands in
our fields that our oxen may be well
laden
that there be no breaking in or going
out that there be no outcry in our
streets happy are the people who are in
such a state happy are the people whose
God is the Lord
[Music]